# Welcome to QtAp a Generic Qt App

A simple app which has simplicity of design as the build goal. Central to the app is an editor which although simple has easy access to git repositories. As the app is extended with more views to provide greater functionality, the library included will expand to cover some processing tasks. The library itself is written in a Qt agnostic way. Although some functions may accept and return `(void *)` which have to be cast using the header macros into the Qt names.

This hopefully avoids having to have too much linker hastle. And makes for a more useable library. As of version 0.1.13 the app outline is sufficienctly advanced to build up a GUI, and then some business logic. All "official" versions and not just commit edits will be tagged in the source repository. There are a few funnies in the source, such as naming the library *libkqfn* so that *liblibkqfn.so* becomes the resolved name. You could say it's a bit libbier, ah, ah , ha, ha ... Not labier as that would be far too experimental. ha, ha, ha.

Enough of the bad jokes for now, read the source and perhaps add a new class extension of *StatsView* and then install it by adding it into the *MainWindow* constructor just under the other ones. This will be good for keeping the minimal edits for building up the app. Everything else is proxied out to the view so that handling things like control updates having a paste function are simply making a future call return of *canPaste* be true, and calling *selectView* which will show any new availability of things, and in turn call *create* so that things are put in order before exit to the event loop.
